Add documentation on configuring Kafka (#1675)
ManageIQ/manageiq-documentation: _includes/configuration.md

{{ site.data.product.title_short }} will then configure the external database.

#### Configuring a Kafka broker

Some features of ManageIQ can be enabled by enabling a message server.

1. Start the appliance and open a terminal console.

> 2. Enter the `appliance_console` command. The {{ site.data.product.title_short }} appliance
>     summary screen displays.

Reviewer: What do you think of this:
```suggestion
2. Run the `appliance_console` command and the summary screen will be displayed.
```
I don't feel like the substitution adds a lot of value.

Author: :+1:

> 1.  Start the appliance and open a terminal console.
> 
> 2.  Enter the `appliance_console` command. The {{ site.data.product.title_short }} appliance
>     summary screen displays.
> 
> 3.  Press **Enter** to manually configure settings.
> 
> 4.  Select **Configure Application** from the menu.
> 
> 5. Select **Make No Database Changes** from the menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Super minor but the alignment is weird

1. Start the appliance and open a terminal console.

2. Enter the `appliance_console` command. The {{ site.data.product.title_short }} appliance
    summary screen displays.

3. Press **Enter** to manually configure settings.

4. Select **Configure Application** from the menu.

5. Select **Make No Database Changes** from the menu.
```

6. You can either configure the current appliance as a kafka broker, or point the
   appliance to an existing external kafka broker.

   Select the appropriate option either
   **Configure this appliance as a messaging server** or
   **Connect to an external messaging system**
   to connect to an external kafka broker.  You will be asked to fill in the
   required **Message Client Parameters** like IP address and username/password.

> 7. Select Proceed and appliance_console will apply the configuration that you have

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Select **Proceed** and appliance_console will apply the configuration that you have
```
